README.md, before:

# jest-md-dashboard

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/jest-md-dashboard.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/jest-md-dashboard)
[![lint](https://github.com/mshrtsr/jest-md-dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mshrtsr/jest-md-dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

Generating a pretty Markdown dashboard for Jest

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Options](#Options)
- [Contribution](#Contribution)
- [License](#License)

## Installation

### npm

```shell
npm install -D jest-md-dashboard
```

### yarn

```shell
yarn add -D jest-md-dashboard
```

## Usage

Add `reporters` field in `jest.config.js`.

```js
const config = {
  reporters: ["jest-md-dashboard"],
};
module.exports = config;
```

Run jest and the markdown output is printed to stdout.

### With options

```js
const config = {
  reporters: [
    [
      "jest-md-dashboard",
      {
        title: "My Dashboard",
      },
    ],
  ],
};
module.exports = config;
```

### Separate config

If you want to separate jest config, e.g. print dashboard only on CI,
create `jest.print-dashboard.js`.

```js
// Inherit jest.config.js
const baseConfig = require("./jest.config.js");

const config = {
  ...baseConfig,
  reporters: ["jest-md-dashboard"],
};
module.exports = config;
```

And then, run jest with `--config` option.

```shell
jest --config=./jest.print-dashboard.js
```

## Options

| Name         | Type     | Default           | Description                                                                                                         |
| ------------ | -------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`      | `string` | `Tests Dashboard` | The title of a dashboard.<br>It will be printed at the top of the markdown output.                                  |
| `outputPath` | `string` | `undefined`       | The file path to output dashboard. If this option is specified, dashboard is printed to the file instead of stdout. |

## Contribution

We appreciate your help!

## License

- [MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: add permalink option (#18)
* feat: add permalink option

* docs: update README.md

* fix: default to "main" if GITHUB_SHA is undefined

* test: add tests for permalink

* docs: apply prettier

README.md, after:

# jest-md-dashboard

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/jest-md-dashboard.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/jest-md-dashboard)
[![lint](https://github.com/mshrtsr/jest-md-dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mshrtsr/jest-md-dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE)

Generating a pretty Markdown dashboard for Jest

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Options](#Options)
- [Contribution](#Contribution)
- [License](#License)

## Installation

### npm

```shell
npm install -D jest-md-dashboard
```

### yarn

```shell
yarn add -D jest-md-dashboard
```

## Usage

Add `reporters` field in `jest.config.js`.

```js
const config = {
  reporters: ["jest-md-dashboard"],
};
module.exports = config;
```

Run jest and the markdown output is printed to stdout.

### With options

```js
const config = {
  reporters: [
    [
      "jest-md-dashboard",
      {
        title: "My Dashboard",
      },
    ],
  ],
};
module.exports = config;
```

### Separate config

If you want to separate jest config, e.g. print dashboard only on CI,
create `jest.print-dashboard.js`.

```js
// Inherit jest.config.js
const baseConfig = require("./jest.config.js");

const config = {
  ...baseConfig,
  reporters: ["jest-md-dashboard"],
};
module.exports = config;
```

And then, run jest with `--config` option.

```shell
jest --config=./jest.print-dashboard.js
```

## Options

| Name                   | Type                | Default                     | Description                                                                                                                 |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- | --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`                | `string`            | `"Tests Dashboard"`         | The title of a dashboard.<br>It will be printed at the top of the markdown output.                                          |
| `outputPath`           | `string`            | `undefined`                 | The file path to output dashboard. If this option is specified, dashboard is printed to the file instead of stdout.         |
| `permalink`            | `object` or `false` | `{(followings)}`            | Override permalink generation.<br>Set `false` to disable generation.                                                        |
| `permalink.hostname`   | `string`            | `"github.com"`              | The hostname of permalink.<br>Specify if you using services other than github.com.<br>e.g. GitHub Enterprise or GitLab      |
| `permalink.repository` | `string`            | `${GITHUB_REPOSITORY}`      | The repository name of permalink. (`"<owner>/<repo>"`)                                                                      |
| `permalink.commit`     | `string`            | `${GITHUB_SHA}` ?? `"main"` | The commit hash of permalink.<br>You can also specify branch or tag.                                                        |
| `permalink.pattern`    | `string`            | see description             | The template pattern of permalink.<br>Absence defaults to `"https://${hostname}/${repository}/blob/${commit}/${filePath}"`. |

## Contribution

We appreciate your help!

## License

- [MIT](LICENSE)
